Guo Yingying, shut up
If you call me again, I will kill you. Do you hate me so much?
Do I have to die?
Yes, as long as you die, you will be mine
What good is it if I die?
He won't like you if I die
You shut up
Su Ran, don't be self-righteous
You can't even recognize the first line of love is Xiuyuan
How do you know he doesn't love me?
He is really Xiuyuan
Then why is he
Why doesn't he admit it?
Because he had a car accident and lost his memory
Although it has been forgotten by those you love deeply
Is it painful?
I took a paternity test at the time
Why is that appraisal?
Of course I faked it.
I didn't expect you and Ji Yanting to believe both
You guys are so nice
Why are you so mean?
The despicable person is you
I met Yan Ting first
Why did you take him from me?
You are wrong
I never belonged to you
He Tan was robbed by Su Ran